Dear,
My name is Dominik Stipić. I'm computer science professional interested in data, intelligence and 
security. I graduated from the Faculty of Electrical Engineering in Zagreb . I'm a technologist with 
wide range of interests. I like to study modern technology, decision making process, quantitative 
methods, mathematics, computer science, socio-technological aspects of how technology shapes 
economy and how they effect human relationships and behaviour. I'm curios about how things work
and I like to dig myself into research. I would like to work with smart and ambitious people.
I use this blog with intention to aggregate some things on which I'm working on. During my 
education, I got a lot of exposure to theoretical and practical knowledge in our current technological
and methodological landscape. I believe that my background has equipped me with a well-balanced 
skill set, comprising both theoretical and practical expertise, essential for executing successful and 
important projects. As a person, I’m very curious about how things work, ambitious, collaborative 
and detail-oriented. I like to understand domains which I study holistically and I’m eager to learn 
about techniques and methods which can make my work better. 

I am also a highly motivated and results-oriented individual. I am a quick learner and I am always 
eager to take on new challenges. I am also a team player and I can work effectively in a fast-paced 
multicultural environment with smart people. I would say that I’m a proactive team member, which 
likes to improve thing. I speak English professionally, I'm geographically mobile and I like to meet  
and work with interesting people. I am organized, detail-oriented and ambitious. I am eager to 
explore potential opportunities and would be delighted to discuss further collaboration. More about 
my project can be found here, skills and tools with which I have experience are here. My CV is 
here. 

If you will have any questions or queries don't hesitate to contact me!
Dominik
